Fix typos using codespell (#838)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/dnsmasq.rst

.. Note::

    ``.internal`` is the IANA and ICANN approved TLD (Top Level Domain) for internal use. If you instead own a TLD, e.g., ``example.com``, you could create a zone

>     that's not used on the internet, e.g., ``lan.internal.example.com``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    that is not used on the internet, e.g., ``lan.internal.example.com``.
```
